adds someone who had to slug his way
through the 80s and 90s and the gaming
obsession with platformers coming across
one of these genre classics these days
is met with trepidation I say this
because we have a rich history of what
does and doesn't work including other
less tangible aspects like how it should
feel commander pics man gets the first
part right as its wishes super meat boy
with the visual stylings with free games
star guard but something about this game
by one minute games doesn't quite
fulfill the second part as to be
expected the game features of basic
virtual buttons set up to move left and
right jump and fire your weapon
unfortunately though the game plays with
your expectations by modifying how
jumping feels by incorporating a jetpack
feel of flirtiness this results in a
sort of acceleration curve while jumping
the tapers off to a smooth arc as such
the start of your jumps have an inverted
fidelity giving you fine control over
relatively low jumps but instability to
the top of the curve thankfully the game
is consistent and once you start
reaching the seriously challenging
levels you'll start to adjust but it's
hard to entirely shake off that awkward
feeling at least the challenge of
mastering what should be basic controls
falls in line with the style of game as
players attempt to conquer up to 80
levels by finessing their way through
logical traps and hordes of enemies that
are likely to stop you in your tracks
much like super meatboy the game tracks
your progress showing you all the deaths
you incurred before passing a level in
the case of the 15 bonus levels this
could be several dozen instances of
fixed man racing off to their doom
making for an entertaining way to
celebrate your victory these super hard
stages are unlocked by completing
various challenges which are not always
easy in and of themselves so at least
you know what you're in for packaging
the whole thing with retro pixel art and
chiptune music only helps to solidify
its links with the often brutal
difficult platformers of the past so
consider this a warning of sorts you
will die and you will die often but
perseverance and skill will win through
a solid pick for gamers after something
to beat their skull against for a while
this has been Andrew with appspot com we
review you decide